# 四级真题

## 一、One Sick Passenger Won't Infect Everyone on the Plane

- Finally, some good news about airplane travel: If you're on a plane with a sick passenger, you are unlikely to get sick.
  That is the conclusion of a new study that looked at how respiratory viruses spread on airplanes.

- Researchers found that only people who were seated in the same row as a passenger with the flu, for example — or one row in front of or behind that individual — had a high risk of catching the illness.
  All other passengers had only a very slim chance of getting sick, according to the findings.

- Media reports have not necessarily presented accurate information about the risk of getting infected on an airplane in the past.

- Therefore, these new findings should help airplane passengers feel less vulnerable to catching respiratory infections while traveling by air.

- Prior to the new study, little was known about the risks of getting directly infected by common respiratory viruses, such as the flu or common cold, on an airplane, the researchers said.

- So, to evaluate the risks of infection, the study team flew on 10 different flights in the U.S. during the flu season.

- The researchers found that passengers sitting within two seats on either side of a person infected with the flu, as well as those sitting one row in front of or behind this individual, had about an 80 percent chance of getting sick.

- But other passengers were largely safe from infection.They had a less than 3 percent chance of catching the flu.



```
             一名患病的乘客不会感染飞机上的所有人
最后，一些关于飞机旅行的好消息:如果你和一个生病的乘客在飞机上，你不太可能生病。
这是一项研究呼吸道病毒如何在飞机上传播的新研究的结论。
研究人员发现，例如，只有与患流感的乘客坐在同一排的人，或者坐在该乘客前面或后面的一排的人，才有较高的患病风险。
根据调查结果，所有其他乘客患病的几率非常小。
在过去，媒体报道不一定提供关于在飞机上感染风险的准确信息。
因此，这些新发现应该有助于飞机乘客在乘飞机旅行时不那么容易感染呼吸道感染。
研究人员说，在这项新研究之前，人们对在飞机上直接感染流感或普通感冒等常见呼吸道病毒的风险知之甚少。
因此，为了评估感染的风险，研究小组在流感季节在美国飞行了10个不同的航班。
研究人员发现，坐在流感患者两侧两个座位内的乘客，以及坐在患者前面或后面一排的乘客，患病的几率约为80%。
但其他乘客基本上不受感染。他们患流感的几率不到3%。
```



## 二、Is It Safe to Always Drink Bottled Water

- When travelling overseas, do you buy water in plastic bottles or take your chances with tap water?
- Imagine you are wandering about on a Thai island or admiring the ruins of Angkor. It's hot so you grab a bottle of water from a local vendor. It's the safe thing to do, right?
- The bottle is sealed, and the label says "pure water". But maybe what's inside is not so natural.
- Would you still be drinking it if you knew that more than 90 percent of all bottled water sold around the world contains microplastics?

- That's the conclusion of a recently released study, which analysed 259 bottles from 11 brands sold in nine countries, revealing an average of 325 plastic particles per litre of water.

- These microplastics included a substance commonly known as PET and widely used in the manufacture of clothing and food and liquid containers.
  The study was conducted at the State University of New York on behalf of Orb Media, a journalism organisation.
- About a million bottles are bought every minute, not only by thirsty tourists but also by many of the 2.1 billion worldwide who live with unsafe drinking water.
- Confronted with this evidence, several bottled-water manufacturers including Nestle and Coca-Cola undertook their own studies using the same methodology.
- These studies showed that their water did contain microplastics, but far less than the Orb study suggested.
- Regardless, the World Health Organization has launched a review into the potential health risks of drinking water from plastic bottles.



```
                        总是喝瓶装水安全吗
  当你到海外旅游时，你会买瓶装水还是用自来水?
  想象一下你正在泰国的一个小岛上漫步，或者正在欣赏吴哥的遗迹。天气很热，所以你从当地的小贩那里买了一瓶水。这样做很安全，对吧?
瓶子是密封的，标签上写着“纯净水”。但也许里面的东西不是那么自然。
如果你知道世界上90%以上的瓶装水都含有塑料微粒，你还会喝它吗?
  这是最近发布的一项研究得出的结论，该研究分析了来自9个国家11个品牌的259瓶水，平均每公升水含有325个塑料微粒。
  这些微塑料包括一种通常称为PET的物质，广泛用于制造服装、食品和液体容器。
这项研究是在纽约州立大学代表Orb媒体(一个新闻组织)进行的。
  每分钟大约有100万瓶酒被买走，不仅是被口渴的游客买走，也被全世界21亿生活在不安全饮用水下的人们买走。
  面对这一证据，包括雀巢和可口可乐在内的几家瓶装水生产商采用相同的方法进行了自己的研究。
  这些研究表明，他们的水确实含有微塑料，但远远低于Orb的研究结果。
  无论如何，世界卫生组织已经对塑料瓶饮用水的潜在健康风险进行了审查。
```



## 三、What Traveling on a Plane Does to Your Body



- Millions of people travel by plane every single day. If you're planning on being one of them soon, you might not be looking forward to the unpleasant feeling air travel often leaves you with.
- Besides the airport crowds and stress, travelling at a high altitude has real effects on the body.

- Although the pressure of the cabin is adjusted to prevent altitude sickness, you could still experience sleepiness or a headache.
- The lower oxygen pressure found in an aircraft cabin is equivalent to that at 6,000-8,000 feet of altitude.
- A drop in oxygen pressure can cause headaches in certain individuals. To help prevent headaches, drink plenty of water, and avoid alcohol and coffee.
  Airplane food might not really be as tasteless as you originally thought. The air you breathe in a plane dries out your mouth and nose, which can affect your sense of taste.
- Perception of sweet and salty foods dropped by almost 30 percent in a simulation of air travel.
- However, you can make your taste buds active again by drinking water. A dry mouth may reduce taste sensitivity, but taste is restored by drinking fluids.
  Although in-flight infections thrive in dry environments like airplanes, your risk of getting sick from an airplane is actually low because of the air filters used.
- Unless you're sitting next to someone who is coughing or sneezing, you shouldn't worry too much about getting sick.
- However, bacteria have been shown to live on cabin surfaces, so wash your hands frequently.



```
                   在飞机上旅行对你的身体有什么影响
  每天有数百万人乘飞机旅行。如果你打算很快成为他们中的一员，你可能就不会期待飞机旅行带给你的那种不愉快的感觉了。
  除了机场的拥挤和压力，在高海拔旅行对身体有实际的影响。
虽然机舱的压力是为了防止高原反应而调整的，但你仍然可能会感到困倦或头痛。
  机舱内的低氧压相当于6000 - 8000英尺的高度。
  氧分压下降会导致某些人头痛。为了预防头痛，要喝大量的水，避免酒精和咖啡。
  飞机上的食物可能不像你最初想象的那么难吃。你在飞机上呼吸的空气会使你的嘴和鼻子变干，这会影响你的味觉。
  在一次模拟飞行中，人们对甜味和咸味食物的感知下降了近30%。
  然而，你可以通过喝水来使你的味蕾再次活跃起来。口干可能会降低味觉敏感度，但通过喝水可以恢复味觉。
  虽然在飞机等干燥的环境中，飞机上的感染很严重，但由于使用了空气过滤器，你在飞机上生病的风险实际上很低。
  除非你坐在一个咳嗽或打喷嚏的人旁边，否则你不应该太担心生病。
  然而，细菌已经被证明生活在机舱表面，所以要经常洗手。
```



## 四、Are Microwave Ovens Cooking the Environment?



- Popping food into the microwave for a couple of minutes may seem utterly harmless, but Europe's stock of these quick-cooking ovens emit as much carbon as nearly 7 million cars, a new study has found.
- And the problem is growing. With costs falling and kitchen appliances becoming "status" items, owners are throwing away microwaves after an average of eight years.
- This is pushing sales of new microwaves which are expected to reach 135 million annually in the EU by the end of the decade.

- A study by the University of Manchester calculated the emissions of CO2 — the main greenhouse gas responsible for climate change — at every stage of microwaves, from manufacture to waste disposal.
- "It is electricity consumption by microwaves that has the biggest impact on the environment," say the authors.
- The authors also calculate that the emissions from using 19 microwaves over a year are the same as those from using a car.
- According to the same study, efforts to reduce consumption should focus on improving consumer awareness and behaviour.
- For example, consumers could use appliances in a more efficient way by adjusting the time of cooking to the type of food.
- However, David Reay, professor of carbon management, argues that, although microwaves use a great deal of energy, their emissions are minor compared to those from cars.
- In the UK alone, there are around 30 million cars. These cars emit more than all the microwaves in the EU.
- Backing this up, recent data show that passenger cars in the UK emitted 69 million tons of CO2 in 2015.
- This is 10 times the amount this new microwave oven study estimates for annual emissions for all the microwave ovens in the EU.
  Further, the energy used by microwaves is lower than any other form of cooking.
- Among common kitchen appliances used for cooking, microwaves are the most energy efficient, followed by a stove and finally a standard oven.
  Thus, rising microwave sales could be seen as a positive thing.



```
                     微波炉会破坏环境吗?
  把食物放进微波炉里几分钟似乎完全无害，但一项新的研究发现，欧洲的这种快速烹饪炉排放的碳多达近700万辆汽车。
  而且这个问题还在加剧。随着成本的下降和厨房电器成为“身份”物品，微波炉的主人们平均在使用八年之后就把微波炉扔掉了。
  这推动了新型微波炉的销售，预计到2020年，欧盟的年销售额将达到1.35亿欧元。
  曼彻斯特大学(University of Manchester)的一项研究计算了从制造到废物处理的微波每个阶段的二氧化碳排放量。二氧化碳是导致气候变化的主要温室气体。
  作者说:“微波的电力消耗对环境的影响最大。”
  作者还计算出，一年使用19个微波的排放量与使用汽车的排放量相同。
  根据同一项研究，减少消费的努力应集中于提高消费者的意识和行为。
  例如，消费者可以根据食物种类调整烹饪时间，从而更有效地使用电器。
  然而，碳管理教授David Reay认为，尽管微波炉消耗大量能源，但与汽车相比，它们的排放量很小。
  仅在英国，就有大约3000万辆汽车。这些汽车发出的微波比欧盟所有的微波还多。
  支持这一观点的是，最近的数据显示，2015年英国乘用车排放了6900万吨二氧化碳。
这是新微波炉研究估计的欧盟所有微波炉年排放量的10倍。
  此外，微波使用的能量比任何其他烹饪方式都要低。
  在常用的厨具中，微波炉是最节能的，其次是炉子，最后是标准烤箱。
  因此，上升的微波销售可以被视为一件积极的事情。
```



## 五、Prof's Teaching Assistant Isn't Human

- Professor Ashok Goel of Georgia Tech developed an artificially intelligent teaching assistant to help handle the enormous number of student questions in the online class, Knowledge-Based Artificial Intelligence.
- This online course is a core requirement of Georgia Tech's online Master of Science in Computer Science program.
- Professor Goel already had eight teaching assistants, but that wasn't enough to deal with the overwhelming number of daily questions from students.
- Many students drop out of online courses because of the lack of teaching support. When students feel isolated or confused and reach out with questions that go unanswered, their motivation to continue begins to fade.

- Professor Goel decided to do something to remedy this situation and his solution was to create a virtual assistant named Jill Watson, which is based on the IBM Watson platform.
- Goel and his team developed several versions of Jill Watson before releasing her to the online forums.

- At first, the virtual assistant wasn't too great. But Goel and his team sourced the online discussion forum to find all the 40,000 questions that had ever been asked since the class was launched.
- Then they began to feed Jill with the questions and answers. After some adjustments and sufficient time, Jill was able to answer the students' questions correctly 97% of the time.
- The virtual assistant became so advanced and realistic that the students didn't know she was a computer.
- The students, who were studying artificial intelligence, were interacting with the virtual assistant and couldn't tell it apart from a real human being.

- Goel didn't inform them about Jill's true identity until April 26. The students were actually very positive about the experience.
- The goal of Professor Goel's virtual assistant next year is to take over answering 40% of all the questions posed by students on the online forum. 
- The name Jill Watson will, of course, change to something else next semester.
  Professor Goel has a much rosier outlook on the future of artificial intelligence than, say, Elon Musk, Stephen Hawking, Bill Gates or Steve Wozniak.



```
                     教授的助教不是人
  佐治亚理工学院的Ashok Goel教授开发了一个人工智能助教来帮助处理在线课程中大量的学生问题，即基于知识的人工智能。
  本在线课程是佐治亚理工学院计算机科学在线硕士课程的核心要求。
  戈埃尔教授已经有了8名助教，但这还不足以应付学生每天提出的大量问题。
  许多学生因为缺乏教学支持而退出网络课程。当学生感到孤立或困惑，并提出一些没有答案的问题时，他们继续学习的动力就开始减弱。
  戈埃尔教授决定做点什么来补救这种情况，他的解决方案是创建一个名为Jill Watson的虚拟助理，它基于IBM Watson平台。
  戈埃尔和他的团队开发了吉尔·沃森的几个版本，然后把她发布到网上论坛。
一开始，这个虚拟助理并不太好。但戈埃尔和他的团队在网上论坛上找到了这门课开设以来被问到的40000个问题。
  然后他们开始向吉尔提问和回答。经过一些调整和充分的时间，吉尔能够回答学生的问题97%的正确率。
  虚拟助理变得如此先进和现实，以至于学生们不知道她是一台电脑。
  这些学生正在学习人工智能，他们与虚拟助手进行交互，无法将其与真人区分开来。
  格尔直到4月26日才告诉他们吉尔的真实身份。学生们对这次经历非常积极。
  戈埃尔教授的虚拟助理明年的目标是回答在线论坛上学生提出的40%的问题。当然，吉尔·沃特森这个名字在下个学期会换成别的名字。
  与埃隆·马斯克(Elon Musk)、斯蒂芬·霍金(Stephen Hawking)、比尔·盖茨(Bill Gates)或史蒂夫·沃兹尼亚克(Steve Wozniak)等人相比，格尔教授对人工智能的未来有着更为乐观的看法。
```



## 六、Why Textbooks Are Here to Stay

- Textbooks represent an 11 billion dollar industry, up from $8 billion in 2014. Textbook publisher Pearson is the largest publisher — of any kind — in the world.
- It costs about $1 million to create a new textbook.
  A freshman textbook will have dozens of contributors, from subject-matter experts through graphic and layout artists to expert reviewers and classroom testers.
- Textbook publishers connect professors, instructors and students in ways that alternatives, such as open e-textbooks and open educational resources, simply do not.
- This connection happens not only by means of collaborative development, review and testing, but also at conferences where faculty regularly decide on their textbooks and curricula for the coming year.
- It is true that textbook publishers have recently reported losses, largely due to students renting or buying used print textbooks.

- But this can be chalked up to the excessively high cost of their books — which has increased over 1,000 percent since 1977.

- A restructuring of the textbook industry may well be in order. But this does not mean the end of the textbook itself.
- While they may not be as dynamic as an iPad, textbooks are not passive or lifeless. For example, over the centuries, they have simulated dialogues in a number of ways.
- From 1800 to the present day, textbooks have done this by posing questions for students to answer inductively. That means students are asked to use their individual experience to come up with answers to general questions.

- Today's psychology texts, for example, ask: "How much of your personality do you think you inherited?" while ones in physics say: "How can you predict where the ball you tossed will land?"
- Experts observe that "textbooks come in layers, something like an onion."
  For an active learner, engaging with a textbook can be an interactive experience: Readers proceed at their own pace. They "customize" their books by engaging with different layers and linkages.
- Highlighting, Post-It notes, dog-ears and other techniques allow for further customization that students value in print books over digital forms of books.



```
                     为什么教科书会留下来
  教科书代表着一个价值110亿美元的产业，而2014年这个数字是80亿美元。皮尔森是世界上最大的出版商。
  制作一本新教科书的成本约为100万美元。
  一本新教科书将会有几十个贡献者，从主题专家到图形和布局艺术家，再到专家评论家和课堂测试员。
  教科书出版商将教授、教师和学生联系在一起，而开放电子教科书和开放教育资源等替代方式则无法做到这一点。
  这种联系不仅通过协作开发、审查和测试的方式实现，还通过教师定期决定来年教材和课程的会议实现。
  的确，教科书出版商最近报告了亏损，主要是由于学生租用或购买二手印刷教科书。
  但这可以归结为他们的图书成本过高——自1977年以来已经增长了超过1000%。
  教科书行业的重组很可能势在必行。但这并不意味着教科书本身的终结。
  虽然它们可能不像iPad那样充满活力，但教科书也不是被动的或毫无生气的。例如，几个世纪以来，他们以多种方式模拟对话。
  从1800年到现在，教科书通过提出问题让学生归纳回答来做到这一点。这意味着学生被要求利用他们的个人经验来回答一般性问题。
  例如，今天的心理学课本会问:“你认为自己的个性有多少是遗传的?”而物理学课本则会问:“你如何预测自己扔出去的球会落在哪里?”
  专家指出，“教科书是分层的，就像洋葱一样。”
  对于一个积极的学习者来说，阅读教科书是一种互动的体验:读者按照自己的节奏阅读。   他们通过使用不同的层和链接来“定制”他们的书籍。
  高亮显示、即时贴、折耳等技术允许学生进一步定制纸质书，而不是数字形式的书。
```



## 七、How to Create a Successful Crowdfunding Campaign

- Thinking small, being engaging, and having a sense of humor don't hurt.
  Those are a few of the traits of successful science crowdfunding efforts that emerge from a recent study that examined nearly 400 campaigns.
- But having a large network and some promotional skills may be more crucial.

- Crowdfunding, raising money for a project through online appeals, has taken off in recent years for everything from making movies to producing water-saving gadgets.
- Scientists have tried to tap Internet donors, too, with mixed success. Some raised more than twice their goals, but others have fallen short of reaching even modest targets.
- To determine what separates science crowdfunding triumphs from failures, a team led by science communications scholar Mike Schafer of the University of Zurich examined the content of the webpages for 371 recent campaigns.
  Four traits stood out for those that achieved their goals, the researchers report in Public Understanding of Science.
- For one, they use a crowdfunding platform that specializes in raising money for science, and not just any kind of project. Although sites like Kickstarter take all comers, platforms such as Experiment.com and Petridish.org only present scientific projects.
- For another, they present the project with a funny video because good visuals and a sense of humor improved success.
- Most of them engage with potential donors, since projects that answered questions from interested donors fared better.
- And they target a small amount of money. The projects included in the study raised $4000 on average, with 30% receiving less than $1000. The more money a project sought, the lower the chance it reached its goal, the researchers found.
- Other factors may also significantly influence a project's success, most notably, the size of a scientist's personal and professional networks, and how much a researcher promotes a project on their own.
- Those two factors are by far more critical than the content on the page.
  Crowdfunding can be part of researchers' efforts to reach the public, and people give because "they feel a connection to the person" who is doing the fundraising — not necessarily to the science.



```
                   如何创建一个成功的众筹活动
  从小处着眼，有魅力，有幽默感，这些都没有坏处。
  这些都是最近一项对近400个科学众筹活动的研究中发现的成功科学众筹活动的一些特征。
  但拥有一个庞大的网络和一些推销技巧可能更为重要。
  近年来，通过网络呼吁为一个项目筹集资金的众筹已经在从制作电影到生产节水设备的各个领域蓬勃发展。
  科学家们也曾尝试利用互联网捐助者，但成败参半。一些国家提高了两倍多的目标，但另一些国家甚至没有达到适当的目标。
  为了确定科学众筹的成功与失败之间的区别，由苏黎世大学的科学传播学学者Mike Schafer领导的一个团队检查了371个最近的活动的网页内容。
研究人员在《公众对科学的理解》(Public Understanding of Science)杂志上发表报告称，那些实现了目标的人有四个显著特征。
  首先，他们使用一个众筹平台，专门为科学筹集资金，而不是任何项目。尽管像Kickstarter这样的网站吸引了所有的人，但像experimental .com和Petridish.org这样的平台只展示科学项目。
  另一方面，他们用一个有趣的视频来展示这个项目，因为良好的视觉效果和幽默感可以提高成功。
  他们中的大多数都与潜在的捐助者进行了接触，因为回答感兴趣的捐助者问题的项目进展得更好。
  他们的目标是一小笔钱。参与研究的项目平均募集了4000美元，其中30%的项目募集不到1000美元。研究人员发现，一个项目需要的资金越多，实现目标的机会就越低。
  其他因素也可能对项目的成功产生重大影响，最明显的是，科学家的个人和专业网络的规模，以及研究人员对项目的推动程度。
  这两个因素比页面上的内容重要得多。
  众筹可以成为研究人员接触公众的努力的一部分，人们捐款是因为“他们感觉与筹款人有联系”，而不一定是为了科学。
```



## 八、Philadelphia Passed a Soda Tax

- The fifth largest city in the US passed a significant soda tax proposal that will levy 1.5 cents per liquid ounce on distributors.
- Philadelphia's new measure was approved by a 13 to 4 city council vote. It sets a new bar for similar initiatives across the country.
- It is proof that taxes on sugary drinks can win substantial support outside super-liberal areas.

- Until now, the only city to successfully pass and implement a soda tax was Berkeley, California, in 2014.
- The tax will apply to regular and diet sodas, as well as other drinks with added sugar, such as Gatorade and iced teas.
- It's expected to raise $410 million over the next five years, most of which will go toward funding a universal pre-kindergarten program for the city.

- While the city council vote was met with applause inside the council room, opponents to the measure, including soda lobbyists, made sharp criticisms and a promise to challenge the tax in court.
- "The tax passed today unfairly singles out beverages — including low- and no-calorie choices," said Lauren Kane, spokeswoman for the American Beverage Association.
- "But most importantly, it is against the law. So we will side with the majority of the people of Philadelphia who oppose this tax and take legal action to stop it."
- An industry-backed anti-tax campaign has spent at least $4 million on advertisements. The ads criticized the measure, characterizing it as a "grocery tax."
- Public health groups applauded the approved tax as a step toward fixing certain lasting health issues that plague Americans.
- "The move to recapture a small part of the profits from an industry that pushes a product that contributes to diabetes, obesity and heart disease in poorer communities in order to reinvest in those communities will sure be inspirational to many other places," said Jim Krieger, executive director of Healthy Food America. "Indeed, we are already hearing from some of them. It's not 'just Berkeley' anymore."

- Similar measures in California's Albany, Oakland, San Francisco and Colorado's Boulder are becoming hot-button issues. Health advocacy groups have hinted that even more might be coming.



```
                  费城通过了一项汽水税
  美国第五大城市通过了一项重要的碳酸饮料税提案，将对经销商征收每盎司1.5美分的税。
  费城市议会以13票对4票通过了这项新措施。它为全国范围内的类似行动设立了新的标准。
  这证明，对含糖饮料征税可以在超级自由主义地区之外赢得大量支持。
  到目前为止，2014年加州伯克利是唯一一个成功通过并实施碳酸饮料税的城市。
  这项税收将适用于普通汽水和无糖汽水，以及其他添加糖的饮料，如佳得乐和冰茶。
  预计未来五年将筹集4.1亿美元，其中大部分将用于资助该市的一个普遍学前项目。
  尽管市议会的投票在议会会议室里获得了掌声，但包括苏打水说客在内的反对者对该法案提出了尖锐的批评，并承诺将在法庭上对该税提出质疑。
  美国饮料协会的女发言人劳伦·凯恩说:“今天通过的这项税收不公平地针对饮料，包括低卡和无卡饮料。”
  但最重要的是，这是违法的。因此，我们将与大多数费城人站在一起，反对这项税收，并采取法律行动阻止它。”
  一个行业支持的反税收运动已经在广告上花费了至少400万美元。广告批评这一措施，称其为“杂货税”。
  公共卫生组织对批准的税收表示欢迎，认为这是朝着解决困扰美国人的某些长期健康问题迈出的一步。
  “此举夺回这一行业利润的一小部分推产品,导致糖尿病、肥胖症和心脏病在贫困社区再投资在这些社区肯定会鼓舞人心的许多其他地方,”吉姆说Krieger,执行主任美国健康食品。事实上，我们已经收到了一些人的来信。不再是‘只是伯克利’。”
  加州奥尔巴尼(Albany)、奥克兰(Oakland)、旧金山(San Francisco)和科罗拉多州博尔德(Boulder)的类似措施正成为热点问题。健康倡导团体已经暗示，未来可能还会有更多。
```



## 九、Sea Slug

- When we think of animals and plants, we have a pretty good way of dividing them into two distinct groups: one converts sunlight into energy and the other has to eat food to make its energy.
- Well, those dividing lines come crashing down with the discovery of a sea slug that's truly half animal and half plant.
  It's pretty incredible how it has managed to hijack the genes of the algae on which it feeds.
- The slugs can manufacture chlorophyll, the green pigment in plants that captures energy from sunlight, and hold these genes within their body.
  The term kleptoplasty is used to describe the practice of using hijacked genes to create nutrients from sunlight.
- And so far, this green sea slug is the only known animal that can be truly considered solar-powered, although some animals do exhibit some plant-like behaviors.

- Many scientists have studied the green sea slugs to confirm that they are actually able to create energy from sunlight.
- In fact, the slugs use the genetic material so well that they pass it on to their future generations.
- Their babies retain the ability to produce their own chlorophyll, though they can't generate energy from sunlight until they've eaten enough algae to steal the necessary genes, which they can't yet produce on their own.

- "There's no way on earth that genes from an alga should work inside an animal cell," says Sidney Pierce from the University of South Florida. "And yet here, they do. They allow the animal to rely on sunshine for its nutrition. So if something happens to their food source, they have a way of not starving to death until they find more algae to eat."
- The sea slugs are so good at gathering energy from the sun that they can live up to nine months without having to eat any food.
- They get all their nutritional needs met by the genes that they've hijacked from the algae.



```
                          海蛞蝓
  当我们想到动物和植物时，我们有一个很好的方法把它们分成两个不同的组:一个把阳光转换成能量，另一个必须吃东西来制造能量。
  这些分界线随着一种半动物半植物的海蛞蝓的发现而崩溃。
  令人难以置信的是，它是如何成功地劫持了它赖以生存的藻类的基因的。
  蛞蝓可以制造叶绿素，植物中的绿色色素，从阳光中获取能量，并将这些基因保存在体内。
  盗贼成形术这个术语是用来描述利用被劫持的基因从阳光中制造营养物质的做法。
  到目前为止，这种绿色的海蛞蝓是唯一一种可以真正被认为是太阳能驱动的动物，尽管有些动物确实表现出一些植物般的行为。
  许多科学家对这种绿色的海蛞蝓进行了研究，以确认它们确实能够从阳光中产生能量。
事实上，蛞蝓很好地利用了这种遗传物质，并把它传给了下一代。
  它们的后代保留了自己产生叶绿素的能力，尽管它们不能从阳光中产生能量，除非它们吃了足够多的藻类来窃取必要的基因，而这些基因是它们还不能自己产生的。
  “在地球上，藻类的基因不可能在动物细胞内起作用，”南佛罗里达大学的西德尼·皮尔斯说。“可是在这儿，他们却这样做。他们让动物依靠阳光获取营养。所以如果它们的食物来源发生了变化，它们就有办法在找到更多的藻类食物之前不饿死。”
  海蛞蝓非常善于从太阳中收集能量，它们可以在不吃任何食物的情况下活到九个月。
  它们从藻类那里劫持来的基因满足了它们所有的营养需求。
```

