# 阅读

不积跬步，无以至千里

## 一、A Letter to Theo

- What am I in the eyes of most people—a nonentity, an eccentric or an unpleasant person—somebody who has no position in society and never will have, in short, the lowest of the low.

- All right, then—even if that were absolutely true, then I should one day like to show by my work what such an eccentric, such a nobody, has in his heart.

- That is my ambition, based less on resentment than on love in spite of everything, based more on a feeling of serenity than on passion.
  Though I am often in the depths of misery, there is still calmness, pure harmony and music inside me.

- I see paintings or drawings in the poorest cottages, in the dirtiest corners.And my mind is driven towards these things with an irresistible momentum.



```text
在大多数人的眼中，我是什么呢?——一个无足轻重的人，一个古怪的人，一个令人讨厌的人——一个在社会上没有地位，永远也不会有地位的人。

好吧，那么——即使那是绝对正确的，那么有一天我也要用我的作品来表现这样一个怪人，这样一个无名小卒的内心世界。

这就是我的雄心壮志，尽管如此，我的雄心壮志与其说是建立在怨恨的基础上，不如说是建立在爱的基础上，更多的是建立在一种平静的感觉上，而不是建立在激情上。
虽然我经常处于痛苦的深渊，但我的内心仍然有平静、纯粹的和谐和音乐。

我在最贫穷的农舍里，在最肮脏的角落里看到绘画。我的思想被一种不可抗拒的动力驱使着。
```

## 二、I Carry Your Heart with Me

- I carry your heart with me (I carry it in my heart)
- I am never without it (anywhere I go you go, my dear);
- and whatever is done by only me is your doing, my darling)
- I fear no fate (for you are my fate, my sweet)
- I want no world (for beautiful you are my world, my true)
- and it's you are whatever a moon has always meant
- and whatever a sun will always sing is you here is the deepest secret nobody knows
  (here is the root of the root and the bud of the bud
- and the sky of the sky of a tree called life;
  which grows higher than soul can hope or mind can hide)
- and this is the wonder that's keeping the stars apart
  I carry your heart (I carry it in my heart)



```text
我带着你的心(我把它带在心里)
我从来就离不开它(无论我走到哪里，亲爱的);
只有我做的事都是你做的，亲爱的)
我不害怕命运(因为你是我的命运，我的宝贝)
我不需要世界(因为美丽的你是我的世界，我的真实)
你就是月亮一直以来的意义
——无论太阳将永远歌唱什么，你就是我最深的秘密，没有人知道
(这是根的根，芽的芽)
天空的天空有一棵叫做生命的树;
它长得比灵魂所希望的或思想所能隐藏的都要高)
这就是把星星分开的奇妙之处
我带着你的心(我带着它在我的心里)
```

## 三、Feel the Pain

- People are afraid of themselves, of their own reality; their feelings most of all.
- People talk about how great love is, but that's bullshit.
  Love hurts. Feelings are disturbing.
- People are taught that pain is evil and dangerous.

- How can they deal with love if they're afraid to feel? Pain is meant to wake us up.
- People try to hide their pain. But they're wrong. Pain is something to carry, like a radio.
- You feel your strength in the experience of pain. It's all in how you carry it. That's what matters.
- Pain is a feeling. Your feelings are a part of you. Your own reality.
  If you feel ashamed of them, and hide them, you're letting society destroy your reality.
- You should stand up for your right to feel your pain.



```
人们害怕自己，害怕自己的现实;他们的感觉是最重要的。
人们常说爱有多伟大，但那是胡说。
爱很伤我的心。感觉是令人不安。
人们被教导痛苦是邪恶和危险的。
如果他们害怕去感受，他们怎么去处理爱呢?痛苦是用来唤醒我们的。
人们试图隐藏他们的痛苦。但他们错了。痛苦是一种需要携带的东西，就像收音机一样。
你在痛苦的经历中感到自己的力量。这都取决于你如何携带它。这是重要的。
疼痛是一种感觉。你的感觉是你的一部分。你自己的现实。
如果你为他们感到羞耻，并隐藏他们，你是在让社会摧毁你的现实。
你应该捍卫自己感受痛苦的权利。
```

## 四、Promise Yourself

- To be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind.
- To talk health, happiness, and prosperity to every person you meet.
- To make all your friends feel that there is something in them. 
- To look at the sunny side of everything and make your optimism come true.
- To think only the best, to work only for the best, and to expect only the best.
- To be just as enthusiastic about the success of others as you are about your own.
- To forget the mistakes of the past and press on to the greater achievements of the future.
- To wear a cheerful countenance at all times and give every living creature you meet a smile.
- To give so much time to the improvement of yourself that you have no time to criticize others.
- To be too large for worry, too noble for anger, too strong for fear, and too happy to permit the presence of trouble.

- To think well of yourself and to proclaim this fact to the world, not in loud words but in great deeds.
- To live in faith that the whole world is on your side so long as you 



```
要坚强，没有什么可以扰乱你内心的平静。
与你遇到的每一个人谈论健康、幸福和成功。
让你所有的朋友感到他们身上有某种东西。
要看到事物积极的一面，使你的乐观成为现实。
只想到最好的，只为最好的工作，只期待最好的。
要像对待自己的成功一样对待他人的成功。
忘记过去的错误，向着未来更伟大的成就前进。
永远面带笑容，给你遇到的每一个生物一个微笑。
要花很多时间来提高自己，这样你就没有时间去批评别人了。
太大而不烦恼，太高尚而不愤怒，太坚强而不畏惧，太快乐而不允许烦恼的存在。
要对自己有好的评价，要向世界宣布这一事实，不是用响亮的语言，而是用伟大的行动。
只要你相信，全世界都会站在你这一边
```

## 五、To Love Is to Be Vulnerable

- To love at all is to be vulnerable.
- Love anything and your heart will certainly be wrung and possibly broken.
- If you want to make sure of keeping it intact, you must give it to no one, not even to an animal.
- Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements.

- Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness.
- But in that casket—safe, dark, motionless, airless—it will change.
- It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable.
- To love is to be vulnerable.



```
去爱一个人就是把自己变得特别脆弱。
爱任何东西，你的心一定会被扭碎。
如果你想确保它完好无损，你必须不把它给任何人，甚至是动物。
用爱好和小奢侈品小心地把它包起来;避免所有的纠葛。
把它锁在你自私的棺材里。
但在那个箱子里——安全、黑暗、静止、不透气——它将会改变。
它不会被打破;它将变得坚不可摧，不可穿透，不可挽回。
去爱一个人就是把自己变得特别脆弱。
```

## 六、Excerpt from Three Days to See

- I who am blind can give one hint to those who see—one admonition to those who would make full use of the gift of sight:
- Use your eyes as if tomorrow you would be stricken blind.
- And the same method can be applied to the other senses.
- Hear the music of voices, the song of a bird, the mighty strains of an orchestra, as if you would be stricken deaf tomorrow.

- Touch each object you want to touch as if tomorrow your tactile sense would fail.
- Smell the perfume of flowers, taste with relish each morsel, as if tomorrow you could never smell and taste again.
- Make the most of every sense; glory in all the facets of pleasure and beauty which the world reveals to you through the several means of contact which Nature provides.
- But of all the senses, I am sure that sight must be the most delightful.



```
我是瞎子，却能给能看见的人一点提示
对于那些想充分利用视觉天赋的人有一个忠告:
用你的眼睛，就像明天你会遭致失明一样。
同样的方法也适用于其他感官。
听音乐的声音，鸟儿的歌声，管弦乐队强有力的旋律，仿佛你明天就会失聪。
触摸每一个你想要触摸的物体，就像明天你的触觉会失灵一样。
闻一闻花香，津津有味地品尝每一口食物，就好像明天你就再也不能闻到和尝到一样。
充分利用每一种感觉;在世界通过自然提供的几种接触方式向你揭示的所有愉悦和美丽方面的荣耀。
但是在所有的感觉中，我相信视觉一定是最令人愉快的。
```

## 七、Solitude

- Laugh, and the world laughs with you;
- Weep, and you weep alone.
- For the sad old earth must borrow its mirth,
- But has trouble enough of its own.
- Sing, and the hills will answer;
- Sigh, it is lost on the air.
- The echoes bound to a joyful sound,
- But shrink from voicing care.
- Rejoice, and men will seek you;
- Grieve, and they turn and go.
- They want full measure of all your pleasure,
- But they do not need your woe.
- Be glad, and your friends are many;
- Be sad, and you lose them all.
- There are none to decline your nectared wine,
- But alone you must drink life's gall.
- Feast, and your halls are crowded;
- Fast, and the world goes by.
- Succeed and give, and it helps you live,
- But no man can help you die.

- There is room in the halls of pleasure
- For a long and lordly train,
- But one by one we must all file on
  Through the narrow aisles of pain.



```
你笑，全世界陪你笑;
哭泣，只有你独自哭泣。
因为悲哀的老地球必须借用它的欢笑，
但它自身的麻烦已经够多了。
你们要歌唱，山就回应;
唉，它在空中消失了。
回荡着欢乐的声音，
但不敢表达关心。
你们要喜乐，人必寻找你们。
悲伤，他们转身离去。
他们想要你的全部快乐，
但他们不需要你的痛苦。
你要欢喜，你的朋友也就增多。
悲伤，你就会失去一切。
没有人拒绝你的甜酒，
但你必须独自品尝生活的苦涩。
宴席上，你的厅堂挤满了人;
时间过得飞快，而世界在流逝。
成功和给予，它帮助你生活，
但是没有人能帮你死。
在快乐的殿堂里有一席之地
长长的火车，
但我们必须一个接一个地前进
穿过痛苦狭窄的通道。
```

